>> Sean: What are the main top three
causes of web performance issues?
Now for me, when I talk about web
performance, I am not talking about scroll
jink, I am not talking
about platform performance.
At Microsoft, for the web platform team,
we have program managers like Noel and
Lawson who are specifically
responsible for
identifying areas where the platform
has bugs and it needs to be faster.
But this is more in regards of what can
we do to optimize our code base and
so the things I'm gonna be tracking are,
how long does it take your app to load?
How quickly can it be interactive?
I think a lot of times you will hear
teams like the Chrome teams say time to
interactive is a really,
really, really important metric.
But the top three causes of page
load performance or
page load issues are the amount
of Javascript that you have to download
in total for your initial download.
So that means any JavaScript that you're
shipping for your initial page experience,
the number one cause of page
speed issues is that right there.
It's JavaScript, it is the most
expensive resource to load on a website.
The second is gonna be the amount
of CSS in the same kind of way.
So the total amount of CSS that you're
shipping for your initial download for
your initial experience to load the page,
that is the number two most costly.
And then, a very distant third is gonna
be the amount of concurrent network
requests that you have
that you're shipping.
So this is gonna be based on whether or
not you're using H2, HTTP/2,
who's familiar with HTTP/2?
So you understand that it enables you
to have many more concurrent network
requests.
So with H2, you get more
flexibility to ship more resources.
But it does not mean, for example,
if you're still shipping two megabytes of
JavaScript, even if you just split them
out into, I don't know, 200 chunks.
You're still downloading two megabytes
of JavaScript and so you're not doing
anything special by splitting up those
network calls, besides optimizing
how fast it gets to the browser.
>> Sean: So
the distant third would be
the amount of network requests.